I'll have dinner today after a while.
Wait? Let your eyes go to the most beautiful one?
Eat, wait a minute, no matter why?
The most beautiful?
Eat, wait a minute, no matter why? The most beautiful, the most beautiful,
The most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, The most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful, the most beautiful of, the most beautiful, the most
beautiful, the most beautiful,
Come on and dream
Wait a minute. I'll go and write it first.
Okay, I can't. Come back again.